=PivotalRecord

Provides a simple interface to PivotalTracker using syntax similar to ActiveRecord.

  @projects = Pivotal::Project.find :all
  @project = Pivotal::Project.find 24

There's some basic association support built in.

  @stories = @projects.first.stories
  @iterations = @projects.first.iterations


==Working with Stories

Getting all stories for a project

  @project = Pivotal::Project.find 24
  @stories = @project.stories
  
  @stories = Pivotal::Story.find_all_by_project_id 24

Getting a specific story for a project
  
  @story = Pivotal::Story.find_by_project_id_and_id 24, 14

or

  @story = Pivotal::Story.find 14, :project_id => 24

Getting a story from a project by name
  @project = Pivotal::Project.find(246)
  p.stories.find {|s| s.name = "Deal with web thumbnails"}
 

==Filtering

Getting all features for a project

  Pivotal::Story.find :all, :project_id => 4860, :filter => {:type => "feature"}

Filter types can be <tt>bug</tt>, <tt>release</tt>, <tt>feature</tt>.

You can also filter by label:

  Pivotal::Story.find :all, :project_id => 4860, :filter => {:label => "private"}

You can use them together to find labels by type.

Pivotal::Story.find :all, :project_id => 4860, :filter => {:type => "bug", :label => "private"}

===Limits

 Pivotal::Story.find :all, :project_id => 4860, :filter => {:type => "feature"}, :limit => 2
 
== Configuring

Require the library in your project and then configure it with your API key.

  require 'pivotal'
  Pivotal::Configuration.options[:api_key] = "asdfagjasd"
  
  

==Known Issues

This is extremely rudimentary and not meant for any sort of production use.
There is no write support yet.



== Changelog
===0.0.4
 * Updated readme to show how filter by label works
 * Fixed story to contain the current_state (gisikw)
===0.0.3
 * Refactored finders
 * Added CollectionProxy to allow story filtering
 * Added finders for locating individual projects and stories
 * refactored models to reduce duplicated code
 * preserved original hash
===0.0.2
 * Fixed requires
===0.0.1 
 * Basic record retrieval from PivotalTracker.
 
 
==License
Copyright 2009 Brian Hogan
Licensed under the MIT license.
Use of this library must be in accordance with Pivotal Tracker's terms of service and requires an API key.